add example of atom in flip (customer reported) (#226)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/flip.md

3 6
```

> The flip of a dictionary is a table, and vice versa. If `x` is a dictionary where the keys are a list of symbols, and the values are lists of the same count (or atoms), then `flip x` will return a table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flip of a dictionary is a table, and vice versa. If `x` is a dictionary where the keys are a list of symbols, and the values are lists of the same count (or atoms), then `flip x` returns a table.
```

1b
```

> If an atom(s) are provided, they are extended to match the length of the list(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one or more atoms are provided, they are extended to match the length of the list(s).
```
